grml-autoconfig(8)
==================

Name
----
grml-autoconfig - script and configuration framework for the grml system

Synopsis
--------
grml-autoconfig

Options
-------

The program grml-autoconfig does not support any options but needs to be run
with root permissions as it modifies a system wide configuration file
(/etc/grml/autoconfig).

About
-----

The program grml-autoconfig does not support any options but needs to be run
with root permissions as it modifies a system wide configuration file
(/etc/grml/autoconfig).  'grml-autoconfig' is an interface to the framework
named grml-autoconfig.  /usr/share/grml-autoconfig/grml-autoconfig is the main
script of the grml-system where all the hardware recognition and activation of
services take place.

grml-autoconfig supports an adjustable configuration via the configuration file
named /etc/grml/autoconfig. The script named Bgrml-autoconfig is a simple
dialog-based interface to the configuration file. You can either use the script
for configuring grml-autoconfig or modify the configuration file manually on
your own (there is no interference).

Files
-----

  */usr/share/grml-autoconfig/grml-autoconfig*::

Main script which runs the commands defined in /usr/share/grml-autoconfig/autoconfig.functions
after checking configuration file /etc/grml/autoconfig. Executed by systemd.

  */usr/sbin/grml-autoconfig*::

Dialog interface to the configuration file /etc/grml/autoconfig.

  */etc/grml/autoconfig*::

Default configuration file for grml-autoconfig framework.  You can override
settings via /etc/grml/autoconfig.local or use the dialog interface
/usr/sbin/grml-autoconfig.

  */etc/grml/autoconfig.local*::
User specific configuration file for grml-autoconfig. You can edit it directly
or use the dialog interface /usr/sbin/grml-autoconfig.


  */usr/share/grml-autoconfig/autoconfig.functions*::

Main functions of the grml-autoconfig. You do not need to configure or execute
the file.  For debugging purposes you can source this script also from within an
interactive shell and run specific functions afterwards.

  */etc/grml/lsb-functions*::

Based on /lib/lsb/init-functions this file provides an adjusted version of an
lsb-like booting sequence.

Bugs
----
If you find a bug please report it. See link:http://grml.org/bugs/[] for details
about how to report bugs.

See also
--------
grml-autoconfig(1), restore-config(1), save-config(1)

Author
------
grml-autoconfig was written by Michael Prokop <mika@grml.org>.
